Improve documentation and health checks around cluster settings (#13567)
crate/crate: docs/config/cluster.rst

  | *Default:*   ``-1``
  | *Runtime:*  ``no``

  The setting ``gateway.expected_data_nodes`` defines the total number of
  data nodes expected in the cluster. It is evaluated together with 
  ``gateway.recover_after_data_nodes``
  to decide if the cluster can start with recovery.

.. _gateway.recover_after_time:

**gateway.recover_after_time**
  | *Default:*   ``5m``
  | *Runtime:*  ``no``

  The ``gateway.recover_after_time`` setting defines the time to wait for 
  the number of nodes set in ``gateway.expected_data_nodes`` (or 
  ``gateway.expected_nodes``) to become available, before starting the 
  recovery, once the number of nodes defined in 
  ``gateway.recover_after_data_nodes`` (or ``gateway.recover_after_nodes``)
  has already been reached.
  This setting is ignored if ``gateway.expected_data_nodes`` or 
  ``gateway.expected_nodes`` are set to 0 or 1.
  It also has no effect if ``gateway.recover_after_data_nodes`` is set equal
  to ``gateway.expected_data_nodes`` (or ``gateway.recover_after_nodes`` is
  set equal to ``gateway.expected_nodes``).
  The cluster also proceeds to immediate recovery, and the default 5 minutes 

>   wait does not apply, if neither this setting nor ``expected_nodes`` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  waiting time does not apply, if neither this setting nor ``expected_nodes`` and 
```
or `delay`?

  | *Runtime:*  ``no``

  The ``gateway.recover_after_nodes`` setting defines the number of nodes that

>   need to be started before the cluster state recovery can start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need to join the cluster before the cluster state recovery can start.
```
